[ Music and Nature Sounds ]
One of the great mysteries
of history has been the
lost continent of Atlantis.
The orthodox scientific
community relegates it
to legend, but if you move back
into ancient history it
was often referred to even
by such philosophical
luminaries as Plato.
According to the
Edgar Cayce readings,
"It matters that we are aware
of its existence, because we're
about to enter a similar
potential of destruction
or salvation, depending
on how we choose
to use our technologies."
Raymond Tarpey is a Cayce
scholar who also shares that,
"The people who lived in the
Atlantean times are back,
particularly in America."
Welcome back, conversation
number two, we just had a blast
in conversation number one
talking about the origins
of the species and many other
things that you peppered
in there, and so let's do a
quick little recap on that
and how we get to
Atlantis from there.
Okay, the recap would be we
went to the story of creation,
of this particular creation not
that there haven't been ones
before and will come after,
this whole universe is part
of the creation and one
of the universes, and we found
how we were originally spirit
beings, and that we
have a spirit destiny,
but when get entwined with
matter, then we lose that memory
and we prefer to deny it
because we're enjoying our self
in this place.
But this enjoyment had
pitfalls designed for us
to awaken and see the reality.
Reality is the main word you
see in the Buddhist temple,
every Buddhist temple, there's
on Chinese word,
"xianshi", "reality."
It's like, "Xianshi, wake up
and see what is really here
and fulfill your contract in
between enjoyments [laughter].
[Laughter] well, yes,
in between enjoyments.
It is critical that we enjoy
this life, we've chosen it,
but you talk about how we came
for the pleasure of immersing
with matter and exploration.
We also talked about
how the fact
that many souls became
trapped in that,
and then did lose their
memory of the other.
That has created also
a tremendous amount
of trauma and pain.
To be a species that is
unaware of its more eternal
and wise half, creates and
internal disconnect and trauma.
And it creates a
controllable population.
A controllable population, yes.
Because the material
will begin to control,
you have no other recourse.
You think you have a certain
hierarchy and a certain place,
that's only in that world,
that material world, you are --
you are nobility, and what
the spirit life teaches is
that you are noble, you are
the one, you are the teacher,
you are the shaman and your
job in this life is to achieve
that level of resonance so that
we can all achieve together
and be free.
And as you also talked
about, when we were
in the nonmaterial realms
before being encased
and ultimately trapped into the
physical world, we were able
to create at the
speed of thought,
we were master creators,
this world was created
via thought forms
from even a larger source of
creation, and so we've been --
we're slow as mud now trying
to make anything happen
in the physical world
[laughter].
We're a shadow, we have
the shadow creative ability
of what we once had and
we're trying to duplicate it
in the material, but the
spiritual is helping us to do it
and working our way backwards
through a plan because we're
under a plan right
now, it's called --
I call it the plan
of revelation.
It is established by Amelius,
the one who split himself
into five different Adam
and Eves simultaneously,
at some point over 200,000
years ago, at that --
I don't know the form that
that took, it could have been
on the spiritual realm,
infusing into individuals
in the five areas of the earth.
We have to go into each one of
them to explain how that evolved
and unfolded, but the plan is
afoot and we are to remember
that we have help at
all points in time,
all we have to do
is sit and meditate
and realize our preciousness,
you are precious, you are loved
to a degree that you can't
even imagine, it's all created
for you, and all we have to
do is realize our preciousness
and melt that fear away and
the people controlling are
like a house of cards,
so also will they fall.
And so the pain that
we're experiencing
as a species is only
a matter of the degree
to which we're cut
off from ourselves.
That's correct, our
spirit selves.
Yes, and let's talk about the
ones that are controlling,
you brought this
up in the past...
Yes. ...in the last
conversation,
we need to discuss it again
because it lays the foundation
for what played out in the
various iterations of Atlantis.
Correct. So we're talking
about, according to Edgar Cayce,
and this same story shows
up as light and dark
and travel throughout
all of the...
Oh yes and Citreous and Timeous
and Plato, Socrates was involved
in the dialogue, they're all
talking about the same thing;
how the ruling elite lost it,
and they considered
themselves noble
and all the others peasantry
and created what they call
"The Great Lie" of the
hierarchy of beings.
There is no hierarchy of
beings; they are all equal.
Yes, and one of -- and another
legend that I became aware
of about 30 years ago, very,
very similar to Edgar Cayce's,
when the trapping came about,
the trapping of the souls
into the physical, no
longer able to escape back
in to freely go between
their true essence,
nonphysical essence
and what they are now,
when that happened there
were those who did retain --
were able to traverse and retain
a good amount of knowledge,
who by virtue of that became
those who were the leaders.
But within that you had
two camps; we talked about,
the Sons of the Law of
One and the Sons of Belial
as Edgar Cayce describes these
two philosophical factions
of those who remained
in power in the very,
very early days of humanity.
Can you talk about
the objectives of each
or the philosophy of each?
Well, the Sons of Belial were
involved with the technology.
They realized that they
had power and they came
to ignore their spirit selves
and we still have many beings
on the earth that ignore
their spirit selves,
they think that they
can prove everything.
Proving is ego.
It is a controlling act.
There is no proof, there
is only the looking,
there is only the
realizing of the self
that it's been here
long before us,
it will be here long after us.
We did not create it.
Some -- we were born into an
incredibly intelligent place
and science helps us by showing
us how incredibly intelligence
nature is.
Now we have to begin
to ask ourselves individually,
"Who is the shaman?"
And the first question
that the shaman asks is,
"Who's running the show?"
When you're sleeping with
your name, like "I am Raymond,
I'm sleeping," who's
conducting my digestion,
this complex thing, the heart,
the circulation of the blood?
Who's healing all the cells
in my body while
Raymond is sleeping?"
Now, you can ask that question
of people and some people say,
"Well, that's my brain,"
and that's how humans
like to take credit for
things that they're not doing.
It's not yours because
you're not doing it,
you're claiming something that
you're not doing, so the waking
up means stop claiming
intelligence
that you're not doing, and
saying, "You're just doing it
on a subconscious level,"
then start to listen
to that subconscious
level because that's
where the intelligence is.
Absolutely.
Okay, so now we've set
the foundation of players.
Yes. Now let's go -- there
was a migration and we talked
about the Mayans,
the Mayans are unique
in that they had the
migration of those
from Lemuria on one side...
Yes. ...and the pacific,
and then from the Atlantic,
The Atlanteans, and so the
Mayan legend came about,
and you're a scholar in this
area, you even do Mayan readings
for people which is at a
depth far beyond astrology,
goes into the depth of the soul.
It's American astrology.
American astrology.
American-Indian astrology,
which came through the heart
of the Americas, it's no
mistake that the Maya are right
in the heart, the
center of the two pieces
like a giant butterfly,
they are the center
and their culture is picked to
survive, and their writing came
to us direct so that the
westerner can appreciate it.
If there's no writing the
westerner has a hard time
appreciating or...
Accepting...
valuing a culture.
They have to have that
writing, and so it is the gift,
it is the gift of the Christ
that came through the Maya
that that writing was preserved
to us as an ancient record;
it's hard to stop it
because we're helped.
And that's why the
Maya are so prominent
at this point in history.
Correct. So, now we know their
lineage, but let's go now
from Lemuria which
overlapped with the seeding
of the populations in the
upper Atlantean stage,
the higher stage,
the early stage.
The first migrations are
coming in from Lemuria
and they're coming in earlier
so far -- I stick with science,
too, I want the scientists out
there to remember I love you
for doing all the grunt work
so we can use this, too,
as evidence for things,
and it guides us.
The scientists are
doing the valuable work,
the archaeologists; I
respect every one of them.
They're crawling
through with paintbrushes
and little toothbrushes
and doing this all for us,
it is a great sacrifice.
And what they found is the
Mu/Lemurian culture was most
prominent in Peru first, because
the oldest ones are found
on the Pacific coasts,
that's why the Andes
civilizations developed
at that specific area, and so
the greatest discovery now is
in Peru, the great pyramids
of the Caral Supe culture.
Yes, mm-hmm.
Which Ruth, Dr. Ruth
Shawdee came across,
there's a big archeological
controversy
about a credit thing that's
going on, but it's okay,
I just -- I visited down there
because after I got my crystal
skull I was led from the Maya
to Peru and my daughter
married a guy from Peru and all
of a sudden I'm drawn there
by this crystal skull energy,
and I visited Caral Supe
and I saw one of about 19
or 20 pyramid sites, huge, and
they're built at the same time
or before Giza, and around
them we find no forts,
no fortifications.
Most -- and weaponry,
none of it.
Musical instruments.
Interesting.
Now, if we're putting a date
on that, supposedly the --
according to the Edgar
Cayce readings, the Pyramids
at Giza were looking at
12,500 years ago roughly.
That's correct.
Which is also...
Based on the great pyramid,
because it's the anomaly,
and the greatest anomaly is what
pharaoh would you know would not
put his name on inside?
No carvings at all
in that pyramid.
And of course the first
pyramid, the Great Pyramid,
is the greatest one,
then everybody declined
and forgot everything.
So what -- what many
people who study history
in this other vein think
is that they found that.
The cultures that came out of
the Sahara when the Sahara dried
up and flowed into Egypt,
they found this pyramid there,
and their next pyramids
were attempts
to imitate what they found.
Yes, much of like what's
happen in South America
and Central America as well
in later civilizations,
so going back, the Lemurians,
the first point of immigration
so to speak was to Peru.
Now, let's look at how the
Atlantean leap occurred.
The Atlanteans came --
were coming through also,
but it seems like
they're earliest in Peru,
they came through way
earlier than 3,000, 4,000,
10,000 because in order to build
those pyramids you had to go
through and it's not always when
you migrate that the people,
the master craftsmen
get to migrate.
They may have died so you
had to start from scratch,
but at least you had the
memory of what could be
and that's the most
important thing to have.
And in a way we're
out of sequence
because as we're talking
about Egypt 12,500 years ago
as the Great Pyramid, that
is a remnant of Atlantis.
So now I'm going to take
us back to Atlantis,
that upper civilization,
what the beings were like,
the dramas that were playing out
on that stage, the technologies,
mental and physical that
were available to us.
What was life like when the
entire continent was whole
in the Upper Atlanteans Phase?
When it was whole
it was beautiful,
because they recognized crystal
as the way to communicate
with other dimensions.
Edgar Cayce mentioned
the Pleiades are tourists
from the light shining
upon us is filled
with intelligence
if we're open to it.
One of the first meditations of
the American Indians is to look
at the moon, stare at the moon's
light and find the rabbit.
Find the rabbit there and
you've taken the first step
into feeling what
the moon really is
and what intelligence it
can give through light
into your inner being.
So going back to the
Atlanteans and the understanding
that crystal was the
communication device
between dimensions because these
were kind of fresh off the boat.
A lot of these beings were
newly seeded to the planet,
taking the material form
there, as happened in Mu
and Lemuria prior to that.
And they had their early
ages of great achievement
where they got it together and
they had a Democratic society.
Edgar Cayce said that and so
did Plato, but gradually even
in Plato, it agrees with Edgar
Cayce that the God part of them,
the spirit part of them became
more and more smaller, more...
Recessive.
...less seen, less effective,
less seen, forgotten,
and so the more they were
led into that material realm
and then they went away from --
they wanted to increase their
pleasure, their attachments,
and part of their
pleasure is control
of others, the ego loves it.
"I am the one, me, and I
just enjoy being important
and other people bowing to me.
I am the creator."
Then we -- the greatest
definition I've heard of ego is
"Edge God Out," [laughter]
I am the god!
Right? The divine right
of kings comes through.
Well, what's interesting
about that to me is that,
as you're speaking
about it, you have --
beings who are fresh
off the boat
from another dimensional area,
taking the physical and the ones
who weren't damaged, and
weren't lost in this encasement,
and did keep both aspects of
the being connected and alive,
lots of technological and other
information flowed through them.
They had very high capabilities.
Can you talk about
some of what Cayce --
Cayce's readings revealed in
terms of what we were doing,
what the place looked
like, the technologies,
the agricultural
practices and so forth?
The technology involved
the cutting of canals,
there were canals and they
were towers and temples to --
according to the Greek myth it
was the giving out to Poseidon.
He was granted at that field
according to the Greek myth,
much like the Amelius,
and so Edgar Cayce said
that those islands, there were
three main ones, Poseidia,
Oak and Aryan, so the
"Aryan" word that we use,
I know the word "oak" because
I studied Gaelic, and the word
in Gaelic in for "oak"
is "youth" or "young",
the land of the young,
the land of forever young
because they could live to
long age during those time.
Let's talk about that.
What kind of life
spans did we have then?
Well you look at the
Bible as the best --
we don't have exact sources,
Edgar Cayce said they lived
long ages at certain periods
and then we had the bible to
go to and other sources also
that say the same
thing around the world.
So we're looking at
700, 800, 900 years.
Right, because even today
scientists have no idea why
we age.
Right, it's like some
switch got turned off.
There's no reason for it
and I think we've cut off our
home juices and perhaps we want
to get out of here after
a while, it's suffering
because we're trapped and we
know we're going no further.
Okay, now that makes sense.
So the other thing
they were doing
at that time was
using technologies,
let's talk about the use of
technologies for the good
and for maybe the
not-so-positive.
We have a date from Edgar
Cayce of 5,722 year BCE --
or years ago, I'm not too sure,
when there was a
great conference,
a worldwide conference
because these groups,
these ancient civilizations,
were in communication
with each other.
There were great meetings in
Egypt, there were great meetings
in Atlantis and representatives
from around the world,
and this is hard for historians
and archeologists to swallow.
But you're talking about
telecommunications or...
And it could be on that
level, that's right.
There was some evidence...
But for Edgar Cayce I think he's
talking about actual meetings,
and that we had these
earlier civilizations
that just have been buried
and we can't find trace
of them anymore, and the
Greeks said the same thing,
that Zeus called the meeting,
and because people were going
away from their godlike selves
and were going into lower
material life forms and needed
to remember who they are,
not that the matter is lower
but they have to remember
that they have another existence
besides this existence.
So nudging back into the
technological age that developed
at that time, where Mu
was really more primitive
in terms of more...
Mu was not interested
in technology.
That's right, living more
in contact with just nature,
the divine principles of nature.
Mu was the land of
crystal power,
and I think Atlantis got
the crystal power from Mu.
Mu/Lemuria, because they were
in touch with each other.
How was it exploited
and utilized?
For Mu it's more a
culture of agriculture,
and it's more building of
simple temples and agriculture,
and no weaponry, no warfare.
And that's what we're finding
in ancient Peru right now,
all though we're still
early, they've had this hope
for many different
civilizations,
and like among the Maya,
and they say the Maya became
warlike too, but they have
to remember that the Maya were
invaded by the civilizations
of heartland of Mexico
and then they changed.
They were occupied,
and so what the --
Edgar Cayce said in that
year of 50,000 BC...
50,000 right?
... -- 52,000 years ago, I love
the number 52 because it fits
with the Mayan sacred numbers,
there was a threat
from large animals.
Certain environments were
threatened, and they began
to use the technology in
the crystal that they had
to develop weaponry
to change the climate.
To change the climate?
Much like people say that
things are going on today
that are happening with
chem trails and various --
shooting up rays into the
atmosphere for finding
out what's in the ionosphere
and how we can use it to spy
on other cultures and bombarding
it to see what will happen
so we can get -- so we
can get material gain.
Yes, and that's a
whole other subject.
So they were using
similar technologies
and you're saying now that they
were altering weather patterns
having to do with the roaming or
invasion of the larger animals?
Were those two somehow
linked then
to control those populations?
Some areas in their
colonies and parts
of Atlantis threatened
by larger animals.
We don't get into -- they
don't get into details
about what the large
animals are.
So I don't know what that is.
A person that I have a great
amount of respect for --
and I both used to be taken back
into past life into regressions
into these times and I have just
a smattering of experiences.
But I remember the
first one that she went
through she was there as a
guardian for the people --
the human beings to help keep
the animals separate from them,
the large human-like,
humanoid-type animals away
from them because they had
developed agricultural practices
so it was a draw, an
attraction to the other species
to come there, and they would
come and maraud and wipe
out the food supplies so
there was an attempt to try
to keep them kind of corralled
and moved into other areas,
so maybe that's part of this.
We have to think of
animal life forms and some
of it could be ethereal and
that they are guardians,
they were the guardians of the
previous creation number two,
and so they are always
our guardians but we have
to remember their strength;
when we pressure them
as maybe the Atlanteans
were pressuring them,
then they assume forms that
they don't want to assume
but they are empowered by
the earth, the mother earth
to assume a form to protect...
Which is interesting.
...because we're not
allowed to destroy the earth.
Right and that featured
prominently in a number
of readings is that,
in the early Atlantean times
the civilization was being
threatened and overrun by these
very large animals as sorts.
They don't describe
what they look like.
We're still doing research
on what the nature of that is
and I appreciate you
opening that for me
because I hadn't done that.
It just flashed through my mind
when you were talking about it
that she had seen that
in that regression.
Nobody can study everything,
it's too much, it's too much.
I'm hoping more people
will get into this study.
Well, and it's a matter of
putting the little pieces
of the puzzle together to
create a larger portrait.
So they also had the advantage
of electromagnetic technologies
they were mastering the use of
and even fission at that
time, as I understand?
Yes, and they were beginning to
master it and you have people
like Tesla that we had
in our history who began
to have amazing ideas
of using electricity
and it would be free,
using the earth as a wire.
And they were doing
that then already.
And that kind of person, his
records had to be expunged
and he had to be
eliminated so that people --
the scientists who were doing
this could be easily waylaid
in their attempts by people who
are trying to use the technology
and charge for it,
and become dominant
in the society becoming
the ones who deal
out the energy and the power.
Keeping a slave species
of sorts.
Yes, enslavement, yes.
To keep enslavement going.
So this started back
then, right?
Yes, it's a cycle.
It's a cycle.
It's what human beings do.
So everything we're
supposedly inventing
and discovering is really
only rediscovering because all
of us -- and we haven't
gotten as far
as those early Atlantean
civilizations.
Right now I think we're
approaching where Atlantis was,
we are quite there, and a
lot of Atlanteans are coming
into this lifetime because
they love it, they remember
and they want to come in here
and do that again and enjoy it,
even the abusing, an
they're free to do that.
Is it -- would you say in
your own understanding of it,
that the ones who come back or
who are posing as power elite
at this time have played
that role from that time --
from the Atlantean times forward
and this is the role they're...
Yes, they're replaying.
They're replaying their
role, and some of them are --
they don't want to wake up in
this lifetime, they like this
and they're allowed to do it,
and they're allowed to do it
because we have a
universe of worlds...
Yes. ...and so when they pass
there are millions and billions
of worlds where they can
go to as the next step
in their education in the hope
that they will choose
another route
because creation is an
invitation, it's synonymous
with the world "invitation".
We are invited to learn,
we are never forced.
It is open and it
will be spread out,
that's why the universe
is expanding, it is not --
it is not going backwards
as they thought,
it's getting larger because
we are making it larger.
We are creating these new worlds
because we're demanding more,
more fields to play
in for our evolution,
and whatever we demand
the creator will grant,
we are that precious.
And we had refined this creation
quite well in earthly forms
at that time, and
one of the areas
that has intrigued me is what
they were doing at the time
with agriculture, that part I
haven't seen us master yet in
that there was the use of
crystal and the use of crystal
as a light source, among --
as well as energy source,
where they were shining light
on the backside of the mountains
and growing extraordinary
produce, you could --
anywhere really, from
anywhere with the technology.
Yes, because they're
in the red lands,
they're in the place of feeling.
The Atlanteans could
feel the earth
and so they could use the
crystal power to help grow,
they could use their own minds
to open up the magical entities,
the fairies -- what
we call the fairies...
Yes, Divot Kingdom.
The magical parts and the
entities of the earth to grow,
they were very successful, they
-- Cayce, Edgar Cayce said,
"They reached very high
levels of production,
agricultural production
and civilization."
It's only in the later
times when they went awry
after the 50,000 -- 52,000
mark, when they started
to use the technology
in the wrong way,
they were using it
to destroy climate.
That's not their job, their
job is not to destroy,
and they got enamored with it,
and that was the beginning.
And then they started the
earth disturbances much more
than they could handle, and
then there were a series --
as most of the ARE
scholars now point to 52...
That's the Cayce scholars.
...and 26 and 13...
Those are the Mayan power
numbers, so I always consider it
in those, in that way.
So that, is there any
feeling of for how long
that culture existed before
the first takedown 52,
54,000 years ago?
Oh, the Atlantean culture
was going on thousands
of years before that,
Edgar Cayce is talking
about these key eras.
He talked most about the
key eras because he saw
that we were going through the
same one and the clients wanted
that information, so he
talked about why people came
in from Atlantis and
why people were working
in the electrical field,
became an engineer,
because you were that before.
And this time you want to
come around and do it again
and do it right, because
that is the whole key
of the Mayan way is they have
the mythology of Quetzalcoatl.
Quetzalcoatl is the
eternal priest king.
Quetzal means bird, blue-green
bird, and qoatl means snake.
The bird means the
knowledge of the skies
and the snake the
knowledge of the underworld,
the one who knows,
the priest-king.
And he defiled himself with
a little help from the --
from others, but he defiled
himself and he had part of it
and he had to leave,
he had to go,
and when he left it was a
big, "Goodbye, I will return."
The priest falls
and has to leave.
The Rayaw thing of one of
the previous incarnations
of Edgar Cayce is the
priest-king in Egypt
and he original had a wonderful,
miraculous civilization in Egypt
which came from Persia,
the older one,
and then he defiled
himself, married a relation,
too close of a relation, and too
young and so therefore he had
to leave, and so many
ancient civilizations talk
about the return of the priest.
The return of the priest, okay.
The return of the mature priest,
and that's what Mayan
mythology is all about,
spiritual immaturity
and spiritual maturity.
Okay, so let's go
-- let's go now
to how the priests were reigning
at that time in Atlantis
in that first one and then
let's move into 28,000
when the civilization
was first lost.
Yes. That portion of
the civilization is lost
and the migratory patterns
outward of the people.
Yes. Yes. The migratory
patterns from Atlantis,
Edgar Cayce said
they're all coming
through the Yucatan lands.
They're coming through Yucatan
and from there they're going
to Peru, the Atlanteans, and he
records all the mixtures, all --
it's mindboggling the amount of
migrations, you had Mu areas,
you had Atlantean areas,
and gradually you'll
see the influence
in the Peruvian cultures
like in Chavn de Huantar,
the great site of Peru which
was started off so beautifully
but then the Sons of Belial
got control and the art changes
and their trade system
changes and it becomes more --
and their temples change,
they get more limited access
by the nobility, it's no longer
-- it's no longer wide access.
Okay. They -- also, as I
recall reading in Cayce's work,
the other migration that
was occurring was occurring
eastward, where you're
talking about the engagement
of the Pyrenees and
Portugal and Spain.
That's right, and there was an
attempt and Plato recorded that,
the dialogues recorded that,
the attempt to take over the war
with Athens, and
the war with Egypt
and eventually they
were defeated
by an ancient Athens,
which is interesting.
It is interesting.
Okay. Now, so, my
mind's kind of going...
That's Plato's dialogues.
Yes, and let me go in a linear
fashion here, so then at 52,000,
we had a disruption, a
complete disruption of the land,
and a large portion of
early Atlantis was gone.
Of the Americas, yes.
Yeah. Okay, now the migration
had started people --
there was some forewarning,
I mean,
it didn't happen in an instant.
The migration was going
on all the way through,
and Edgar Cayce talked
about one particular one
that was very important and
that was the one led by Iltar
of the House of Astlan.
And he led about 10
individuals and he was --
what, building some
of the first temples
in the Yucatan Colony Land,
but that land is probably now
under the water, that's why
we went there in 12/12/12
with the crystal
skulls to get the --
to download the skulls
with that information.
Okay, now what was the
second iteration --
or the remaining
culture of Atlantis
after the first disappearance
of the landmass,
which took that culture
with it, that portion
of the culture with it.
That's right, and then the
islands became more separated
and smaller and then
wars, one to the other,
and different ones doing --
because the Atlanteans
were entrepreneurial,
very entrepreneurial,
more aggressive
than the Lemurians were.
You can see that when you
compare the west to the east,
there is a certain -- that's
why the Pacific is called
the Pacific.
It's much more -- there's
a much more placidness.
It's softer.
Softness there and a knowledge
of space in between people.
And even the remaining
cultures that dot along
in the Atlantic still have
that softness in connection
with the land and nature,
so now in the Atlantic area
where people have
spread both directions
and into the Americas
including into the Southwest.
Right, and you're going to
have colonies being established
in different places where it
was ripe and they could control
and then if they had a Lemurian
culture then the Atlanteans
would come in and
become the other faction
and then gradually
bring it down.
So Cayce's reading
for individuals,
over 14,000 readings, nobody
can read them all, but they talk
about gaining and losing.
You were one of the
priestesses in the temple there,
at first you did very
well and then you lost.
Yes, then the corruption
within happened.
The corruption, and
part of your sadness
in this life is for that reason.
Doesn't it seem like we're
always doing that even every --
I mean, we're always bumping
up against our boundaries
and doing course corrections.
Yes, and bumping up
against ourselves
because what we've done and
why we study this archeology
and this history is, because
our ancient selves have left
messages for ourselves knowing
that we will come
back and be reminded.
Yes. So it's spiritual
archeology.
So at this time in the
second portion that went
down in 28,000, you still had
high technology, they had things
like floating cars, they
understood gravity really well.
Yes, they had central source,
magnificently called the Tu'A'Oe
[phonetic spelling] Stone.
Now that sounds Lemurian to me.
Isn't' that the big crystal?
Yeah, the big crystal,
and it sound --
that's why I think the
Lemurian is the place
where the crystal comes from.
And they have flight.
And they used it and they used
it as a central power station
and it powered submarines
and airplanes, you name it,
and eventually weaponry.
Death ray -- Edgar Cayce talked
about the death ray that began.
That's right.
That was before the
science in this day
and age came about on that.
That's right.
That -- we're just
getting to that level now,
and congratulating
ourselves [laughter].
Yeah, like we've reached a
high level of advancement.
How was the death ray
used at that time,
because this really figures
into the destruction?
They used it to destroy
large animals
and at first what
they would talk --
I don't get this from Edgar
Cayce readings so I'm going
to jump here and say
I'm betting that some
of the colonies were
warring with other colonies,
and would use their
technology to win.
Okay, so it was essentially they
were kind of nuking -- yeah.
Yeah, and much the same
as the Greeks were doing.
Same thing.
They would go, they would
use the Oracle at Delphi,
that's one theory now, they
were using the Oracle at Delphi
as a major intelligence
point to inform people going
to Delphi Oracle and the
priest speaking behind,
it's not so pure sometimes, and
letting them know of information
where certain areas
less civilized
around the Mediterranean
are ripe for invasion
by certain city states,
entrepreneurial ones who want
to increase their power, because
Greece was not a central empire
and so -- and Atlantis
was breaking up
and so they were
not central anymore,
they used to be the ten kings
and then they had a unity among
them but the unity had broken
down and now they're fighting
with each other, and the Sons
of Belial are not a single
entity either, they are --
they are different
because the islands
as the destruction advanced,
in the separate islands there
were separate governments
formed, but Cayce I
think is mainly talking
about the main island
of Poseidia.
Yes, right.
And so as I understand
it from the readings,
by a very large increment this
connection with the spirit
and the spiritual
understandings kept declining
with each destruction
of Atlantis.
Correct, it was time
for them to fall.
There is the invitation,
there is the hope
that they can wake up, but a
resonance has to be created
between the followers
of the one,
which we're doing right now, we
have to network with each other,
we have to talk with this
resonance, we have to remember.
We have to become a member
of ourselves again, remember,
to become a member
again, of each other,
and stop letting other forces
from the top separate us
into little groups through
fear and competition.
This has been carried out
now for hundreds of thousands
of years and going on.
Divide and conquer, yeah.
And we have an opportunity
-- absolutely.
I had the experience
with Dolores Cannon
of doing a past life
regression at one time,
had no idea where I
was going to end up,
I just know what I went
for, which was a --
some kind of damage that I felt
like my heart had been really
hampered at some point,
assuming it might be a little
love affair in the past,
went right back to the final
days of one of the epoch periods
in Atlantis and the one thing
that I noticed is when --
and I was working at
that time with energy,
we worked with the mind, it
was females in a temple setting
as opposed to the
males predominantly
but not entirely working
with the great crystal
and the energy sources outside
which I didn't really have a lot
of awareness of because
we were cloistered.
So I only had what I would
hear and what we could see.
But when it was over, and
this was the final day,
and the sadness was so
dense, we had been trying
to hold the energy as others
had for decades upon decades,
and we were about
in our mid-200s,
we were like a 32-year-old
today,
but we were 250 years old,
roughly, the point was
after it all went
down, you could see --
I assume it was a nuclear type
of thing because the fish,
I could see them belly up
and boiling in the waters,
and I didn't stay for the
actual meltdown, I was there
but I didn't choose to
look at it, went beyond it,
the thing that struck
me, I kept saying to her,
"How could we have done this?"
Because we have ruined
the very delicate matrix
that has been created between
ourselves, and the sun.
So it was cosmological on one
level, and then I was saying
that in seeing, I kept
saying, "We have to go to sleep
for a very long time now,"
because there would be no --
there would be no
incentive to incarnate
if we could remember
what we just lost.
And those voices
were, "Go to sleep,"
was to encrypt the
information in the crystal.
Interesting!
Encrypt themselves, an
ethereal part of themselves
into the crystal, and
that's what the crystal
skull represents.
Okay, now, this skull, this
skull you're speaking of --
Earth Keeper, came to you
when I met you in 11/11/11,
and you didn't ask for it.
A man from Germany and a
lady from Peru came up to me
and they said this --
I was lecturing just on these
very subjects and they said,
"He wants to be on the
table while you're talking."
So I said, "Okay, put him
on the table," then later
on at four o'clock I was done
lecturing, they came back
and they said, "He still
wants to be with you.
Would you please
become his caretaker?"
I had told my wife,
one will come to us
and sure enough it was -- that's
the most powerful sign to me,
and it's a sign of what we
can get and what we can expect
because we're so precious,
following the spirit of us,
we will be given gifts,
we will be given help
and clear signs, unmistakable.
So let's talk about him.
I want to...
Yes. Earth Keeper.
-- ... before we end
this conversation,
we still have time, I want to
talk about what happened during
that phase of instability where
there was again, a leaping off
and an exodus to other
parts of the world,
especially into Egypt
from Atlantis.
Those two cultures
started clashing.
Yes. Right.
Before we go there, just give
us a little bit of an idea
of what the Earth Keeper's
skull has been bringing
by way of memory.
It's in my life, he has
started to form my life,
he/she has started to form
my life and Noby's life.
Your wife Noby.
Immediately we were
drawn towards Peru,
because I was engaged not
just with the Earth Keeper,
but with the Mitchell
Hedges skull, that was found
in Lubaantun on the east
coast of the Yucatan
and it is a site unusual.
It's more like a Peruvian site,
no mortar between the stones,
build like the pyramids of
Caral Supe in ancient Peru,
and Peru is older, the
archeological evidence is coming
out older, all though that's
not for sure because a lot
of land sunk in the
Yucatan off there.
So he's taking you -- he's been
guiding you that direction,
of course you don't know where
you're going to be guided next,
but the intelligence of
it is pulling you forward
and pulling you into deeper
understanding in each of these?
And then being sensitive
enough to realize --
then my daughter marries
a guy from Peru, Dennis,
and all of a sudden I
am going to Peru again.
So maybe your skull's
a matchmaker.
I'm studying about Peru
and because I'm being led
in my study to another
place, the Mu/Lemurian place.
Peru is much more Mu/Lemurian.
Right. And so I'm led
to a deeper level
in a sense of smell.
Yes. It's almost like I have
to awaken a sense of smell
that I have and you will have
accidents in your life, your --
everything is so part of
the plan of revelation,
every sickness that you
have is designed by you.
So in the Mayan calendar
reading, a person says,
"I've been having trouble with
my nose, I've had allergies
and everything," I said,
"That's because you assigned
that to yourself, that's
the help given to you
so that a great resonant center
and a memory can be awakened
in that area, and that has to do
with Mu/Lemuria and
study Mu/Lemuria.
This is what the Mayan
calendar reading does.
If it's an injury to the ear and
so therefore the five places,
you have a powerful lifetime
at that time, and I didn't used
to do this until I
got Earth Keeper.
It's different, it's different
because ancient memories
are coming out of there
and you're a part
of it, you're --
you put yourself
into that crystal.
You mean when you're sitting
with somebody doing
a reading, you mean?
The three of you?
It's coming right out
of there through me,
and so I advise everyone
to get a crystal skull.
A small one or big one, it
doesn't make any difference.
Get one, have one.
And it doesn't matter that
it was just carved yesterday?
Get a -- crystal is crystal,
it's all millions of years old.
It was all there and it's all
planned to be there not only
for our technology but for the
original reason it came was
to help us with communication
with other dimensions,
it's a help, it's
almost like a Christ.
It's a vehicle of the Christ,
and the ancient memories
of all the souls who, like
yourself, who appear and had
to go away, couldn't stand it.
Where would be the place
for the ethereal beings
to go, but inside crystal?
It came out in a
Superman movies, remember?
It's in our memory; it's there.
So the Atlanteans were
very crystal-based for good
and for negative --
for destructive and
for healing purposes.
Some of it was used in
their great healing halls,
for example, which were very
sophisticated forms of healing.
Edward Cayce talked a lot
about that, about the temple,
beautiful, and the
temple of sacrifice
and where people
were eliminating some
of their animal parts,
I guess to be more
into the fourth creation, to
be more part of it, the --
the only thing is it became
-- civilization was coming,
have to be aware of
what civilizations
and what beings Edgar Cayce is
talking to at the time, too,
to eliminate the parts,
it's a purification.
Edgar Cayce is not an infallible
source, he met other beings
up there called Halileel for
example who said other things,
and he said -- and Cayce
didn't -- would just --
is just a transmitter
of information,
and it's up to individual
people --
there's no right or
wrong in Edgar Cayce.
There is just read it and
see what your heart says.
Well, and didn't each person
attract the source it needed
for its information that
was given in that way
because maybe there was
a previous relationship?
We have the wonderful
Metatron in our age,
giving out information.
We have  The Skull Speaks ,
which is a book I highly
recommend by Carol Wilson-Davis,
who talked about --
who did readings,
she was a famous psychic in
Canada, and she did readings
in the 1980's with the
Mitchell Hedges skull,
and when you read it
you'll see Edgar --
the resonance of
Edgar Cayce is there.
When the last -- the last time
-- before the final destruction
of Atlantis my understanding
is one
of the last remaining
physical places
of Atlantis is actually
a peak in the Azores,
and there are others too, but
there are remaining little pits,
now Edgar Cayce and other beings
have said during the period
of history around now,
and everybody's off
on it a little bit, that
Atlantis will be rising again.
So there is something key
about that, but let's talk
about the migration to Egypt and
then what happened spiritually
with the -- initially,
clash of knowledge and power
that were taking place from
the Atlantean tribes coming
in to what was existing
in Egypt at that time.
Yes. How did those
two begin integrating?
Because no one really
understands ancient
Egyptian history.
Well, the Atlantean tribes
are coming in with the Greeks,
the Greek invasion,
Alexander, so their form
of spirituality is
coming through,
and so the ancient knowledge
of Egypt had to go underground.
And that ancient
knowledge is in the Sufis.
Oh, interesting.
Because later on there
was another conquest,
the Arab conquest of Egypt,
so it's way underground and
yet the Sufis are very
powerful, still alive
and still there and
without borders.
And there is a story, the
ancient story of the Sufis
that they -- when Mohammad
was alive, they came to him,
the ancient people, Mu/Lemurian
and the High Atlantean
Knowledge people, the Followers
of the One, came to
Mohammad, and they talked
about their beliefs and
Mohammad said not a word.
This is a legend now, Mohammad
did not speak, but assented
with his eye, and that's
why the Sufi are still
within that realm.
Aha, okay.
So it's very -- we have to look
at that, and realize we have
to look carefully about --
in the world and see the little
things that are going on,
not sometimes the great
movements but the movements
in between them, and there
you will find the followers
of the one.
Okay, so that takes us in more
modern history, we have Rumi
for example, who celebrated
the Sufi tradition.
December 17th.
December 17th, the wedding
day of Rumi's spirit and body,
and this -- I mean, if
we're looking for kind
of modern literature to turn
to that we can relate to,
the beauty and resonance
in the Rumi writings might be
a good place for us to turn
if we're looking for the
ancient Lemurian teachings?
Yes, and their ceremonies,
when they moved,
the whirling dervishes,
moving in the same direction
as the earth, getting in tune
with the earth, not mind,
getting in tune with the
earth and open that mind,
because as Einstein said,
"All I did was study.
I just studied and
kept the mind open.
I read -- " In the patent office
in Switzerland he read
every conceivable theory,
and then he would be walking by
a river, or walking in the town
and all of a sudden, boom!
He said, "It came to me in full
form, like music came to Mozart.
It came -- it's not mine.
It was never mine; I
just readied the mind
so that the heart would trust
me with it and send it up."
Yes. And that's the key to us.
So in looking at the
information that's surfacing,
all of this from all these
different sources, we seem to be
at a turning point once again.
As you said, a lot of
the technology is --
it hasn't fully been
recovered, we're not really --
maybe Black Ops in the military,
but for public consumption we're
not using a lot of anti-gravity
and such just yet, all though
it is being done behind
closed doors.
It's pretty tough, it's a pretty
tough environment right now,
and we're -- you're going to
see a lot of falling down,
that's what I got from the
12/12/12 trip is there's a lot
of falling down, and
you look for signs.
You will see storms appearing,
you will see earthquakes
appearing,
but they will not be --
my testimony coming from Egypt
coming when I was in Egypt
and doing a Mayan ceremony in
front of the Great Pyramid,
a boy fell off one of the blocks
and I was just doing the
ceremony and I looked up,
I heard the screaming, he
was limping, he was okay,
and so that was a sign to me,
and then later on in the hotel,
two nights later I was
doing a Mayan ceremony
and three feet behind me a
woman fell, she just plopped
onto the ground and
she had no --
apparently there was no
epilepsy, she said, "No,
I don't have epilepsy,"
but she survived.
That's metaphorical for
what you were -- yeah.
That's how signs come.
So it was a falling
down but a survival?
That's what I'm getting.
We're going to get
minor adjustments.
I'm glad of that
because as I said
to you before, I'm
involved here.
[Laughter] Yes.
I always say in my lectures,
"I'm into minor adjustments,"
because I think new
souls are coming,
I think we're getting
a lot of help.
Think of all the people
that work with animals,
that work with plants,
all the channelers
that are coming through.
"We didn't see this number!"
The internet is loaded now!
Before Edgar Cayce
was a standard
in the theosophical
society they stood alone!
And so when I was
at the 11/11/11 Crystal
Skull Convention I said,
"How are young people
attracted to crystal skulls?"
Yes. More than old people.
Right. So it's a vehicle.
And so I said, "How many people
have heard of Edgar Cayce?"
90% raised their hand.
So that's how I knew.
Stay with that organization
because they are a foundation,
a stake driven into
the ground for memory.
And as you say, this
memory is rising,
it's coming up through
all these different means,
we're remembering
the opportunity
to reconnect directly,
vertically with our other
dimensional aspects which are,
as you say, noble, beautiful
creators, and simultaneously,
if we want to assign
separation and names to it,
The Sons of Belial are
also offering mass trauma
and hypnosis.
The Hollywood depictions
of our future are absolutely
catastrophic, devastating,
apocalyptic visions,
and television shows,
this is being reinforced
that we're going to go
through a total collapse
of civilization.
Fear breed control, Machiavelli
said it a long time ago,
it is -- the underside of
statecraft is that to control
and to make people afraid,
and create an elite,
and the society will fall,
it will become top heavy.
As a philosopher, how do
you -- how do you view --
I mean there's an obvious level
to it, how do you view that game
of programming the public
to expect an apocalypse?
It is more in the -- it is more
in the Eurasian field than it is
in the Mayan field, for the
Maya it's a natural cycle,
it's just going to
occur again and again,
from the Eurasian field it's
a straight line evolution
through history, the history
of salvation, it's called --
for the Maya we are invited
again and again, we can stop it.
It's an invitation to stopping,
if we can network
with each other.
If we can -- as the
early Christians said,
they were one community.
It's when they started to get
into the state and make it
into a state religion
and state precepts
that it starts to go down.
It is a grassroots thing,
and then we succeed.
And right now, looking
around, sadly these --
all the human beings, these
beautiful individual creators
and souls that are all
equal to each other.
I mean, just, if you're
going to put a label on it,
it looks like more than 90%-98%
of human beings are
allowing these other forces
to control them.
Many people watching this,
we've all been subject to that.
We're all coming out
of our forgetfulness,
that long sleep I
spoke about earlier.
How do we...
And it's been a critical few.
Yes. It doesn't have
to be the majority;
it can be just a
critical few that do it,
that can create a network
and a resonance that all
of a sudden, they're feeling it!
They don't know where
it's coming from.
They feel it and they go,
"Something else is afoot."
It destabilizes them and in the
Mayan ball game is a metaphor
for the battle to be fought.
It is a -- even when
the odds are stacked
against you ten million to one,
the creator loves that the best
when you have the gall,
the guts to make a play.
Help will come.
We're not to consider the
forces arrayed against us,
we're only to fulfill
our mission
and we're doing it right
now with this program.
So we have just a minute or so
left, any kind of final thoughts
that you would like to share
regarding reclaiming the mind,
reclaiming the self, the soul?
To reclaim the mind is to
go into your own study.
Begin studying where
your passion is,
I don't care where it is.
If it's golf, be a
golf professional,
if you can't be the great golf
player be in the golf business.
But study it completely
and utterly,
that study of golf will lead
you right to the spiritual.
Everything goes to the
spiritual at bottom,
and you can do your work and you
can be the expert in that area.
You will not look for jobs;
the job will come looking
for you when you study.
You control the world.
That makes sense.
When you put your complete soul,
your passion into anything,
now you have a vibrant planet,
and you need golf professionals
as much as you need...
And you'll be at a party
and you'll mention something
that the person has
not heard before
and they'll say, "I want you."
That's how it works.
That's because you're
involved in your life,
and so any expression...
That's right, because
you have the passion.
It's a resonance.
So whether you're a mother,
whether you're a lawyer,
it doesn't matter what we are.
You're saying involve
your passion completely
because then we can hear.
That's right.
Ah. [Laughter] as always,
absolutely wonderful
speaking with you.
Thank you Regina, thank you.
I hope you've enjoyed
this conversation,
and if you didn't see our
first one on human origins,
you can find that in
the GaiamTV archives.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on GaiamTV.
[ Music and Nature Sounds ]